The mother's matter was cleared up as a mediator,
Wouldn't it be detrimental to the royal family's reputation if we try to prevent chaos next time?
This matter is not cleared up enough. Does it need further investigation?
This matter is still under investigation, so we must not forget this and order chaos.
No need, I won’t blame these issues.
Did this just happen to you?
You can pretend it never happened, I can't do this,
It would be fair to show the emperor to find out the truth.
What?
Don’t think that if the emperor lets you go, I will let you go,
With a belly like yours, I still have to fall into the water.
It should be punished.
I'm so weird
Jun Qingcheng is the imperial concubine
It is to be given to the emperor
Your Majesty is not in a hurry, what are you going to do?
Don't know at all
How important is my future to me
If he hadn't saved me a month ago, I would be
Why did I get up and talk about this?
Even if you tell me, no one is allowed to come.
I'm going to interview the princess
Let me go and wait for the beating
The princess was relatively humble and received the interview
But really give him a fight
He is the princess
The imperial concubine again
How do I want to fight
How to get lucky
Even if he doesn't acknowledge me, he still knows that it's his army Li Tian
Do you want to ask the princess to take a look?
I'm broken again